






Litcoder














































                                                    HOME
                                                

                                                    CODERS
                                                

                                                    COMPANIES
                                                

                                                    CAMPUS
                                                

                                                    LITCODER ACADEMY
                                                

                                                    FAQS
                                                

                                                    ABOUT US
                                                






                                                    LOGIN
                                                

                                                        SIGN UP
                                                    

























Privacy Policy

Version: 1.0
Last Updated: 07/03/2022


Context


This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to [https://alumni.litzone.in], its sub-pages (collectively, the “Website”) and the Services (as defined in Paprika Maps’s relevant Terms and Conditions). The Website is owned and operated by Paprika Maps Pvt. Ltd. (“We/Us/Our/Paprika Maps”). The Services are offered by Paprika Maps through the Website.

The Policy is a statement of Our compliance with applicable laws. This Policy will apply to any version of the Website and any applications Paprika Maps may publish and operate. 

Paprika Maps is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Policy sets forth the data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the Website and the Services. This Policy explains Our commitment to managing your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected, used, shared, and secured as well as your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. This Policy only applies to data gathered on the Website and through the Services and does not apply to any information collected or submitted in any other form or manner.

By using this Website and/or the Services, you expressly agree to allow us to collect, store, transmit and use the personal information you provide (including any changes provided by you) in order to use our Website and/or avail of the Services. If you are not agreeable to this, please DO NOT use the Website or our Services.

You may revoke your consent to this Policy at any time. To revoke your consent, please contact us at support@litwork.in. Upon you revoking your consent to this Policy, Paprika Maps reserves the right to terminate and remove your account and information from the Website and the Services as it may deem fit.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time. Any such modification will become effective immediately upon Paprika Maps publishing or posting it to the Website and your continued use of the Website and Services will be construed as your consent to such modifications to the Policy. You agree to periodically review the current version of the Policy available on the Website.


Information that We Collect



Information That You Provide Voluntarily 







Information We Collect


Purpose




At the time of your registration and creation of an Account on the Website, while creating, changing, amending and/or publishing your career profile/curriculum vitae, while taking part in any activity, quiz or programme offered by or through the Website and/or Services, or if you enquire about our Services or ask for a demonstration, we may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. This includes but is not limited to: your full name, job title, employer, residential address, your official and personal email addresses and your phone number, your career profile/curriculum vitae information, your work preferences, your responses to any quizzes, games, polls, surveys or other activity undertaken by Us and any other information we may ask you to provide while using the Website and/or Services and/or interacting with Us.  You will need to create an account and password to access our Website and the Services, as detailed in the relevant Terms and Conditions that apply to you.

If you are a recruiter, we may collect additional information from you and your organisation, including but not limited to your designation and role, your organisation’s registration and contact details, tax information, information about the business of the organisation, details of the number of employees, teams etc., details of job listings and any other information we may require from time to time.

Where We need your consent to collect and use your personal information under applicable data protection laws, we will ask for this at the relevant time and make clear the purposes to which you are consenting.


Account creation and registration: We collect information that is necessary for you to register an account with, and log in to, our Website and Services.

Performance of Services: We will use your information while performing the Services.

Customer communications: We collect information that is necessary to respond to product enquiries and support requests you submit through the Website and Services.

Direct marketing: We collect information to improve ads and send you direct marketing about our Services, marketing offers and resources, newsletters and other company updates.

Creation of career profiles, curriculum vitae, recruiter profiles: we may use this to help you create your relevant profiles etc.

Analysing candidate suitability scores: we may use the information collected from the Services and any other activities we conduct to create candidate suitability scores with respect to relevant recruiters and/or job listings.

Other purposes: Any other purpose required for the provision of the Services and/or the use of the Website. 





Information We Collect Automatically  







Information We Collect


Purpose




We may collect certain information automatically from your device when you visit Our Website or use our Services.  

The information We may collect automatically may include (but is not limited to): identifiers (such as IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers), browser-type, geolocation information (broad geographic location such as country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may also collect internet activity information about how your device has interacted with our Website or Services, including the pages accessed and links clicked as well as how you interact with any communications We may send you.  

We may collect some of this information using cookies and similar tracking technology.

Where we need your consent to collect and use your personal information under applicable data protection laws, we will ask for this at the relevant time and make clear the purposes to which you are consenting.


Analytics and fraud prevention: For our internal reporting and business analytics, to prevent or detect illegal activities on our Website or Services (or other activities that do not comply with our Terms of Service), and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to visitors.

Auditing related to Website and Service interaction: to verify accurate delivery of our Services.

Security: Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for those activities.

Service Quality: Verifying or maintaining the quality of our Services and improving, upgrading or enhancing them through activities such as: (i) audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our Services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly, (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.





Information From Third - Party Sources: 







Information We Collect


Purpose




We may obtain marketing leads from third parties, including name, email address and other contact information.

We may receive personal information or organisational information about you from third party sources. This may include, but is not limited to: name, education, location, skills, company name, job title, industry, achievements, applicant tracking, information provided in interviewing.

We may obtain sensitive personal data such as race or ethnicity, or gender via self-identification or publicly available information.

We only collect this personal information where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.  

Where we need your consent to collect and use your personal information under applicable data protection laws, we will ask for this at the relevant time and make clear the purposes to which you are consenting.


We collect this information for the commercial purpose of providing Services to you. We also collect this information for the business purposes of:  


Supplementing our records;
For compliance with legal obligations; and
For any other purpose to which you consent.






Other Information







Information We Collect


Details




Publicly Shared Information 


Information posted on our website including but not restricted to a group chat or any of our online chatrooms, discussion forums and blogposts.




Payment Information


In order to purchase our Services, you may be required to make payment for such Services. While making payment, we may redirect you to our third party payment gateway or provide you with payment links that direct you to our third party payment gateway and at such third party payment gateway/s, your billing details such as billing name and address, credit card number, debit card number or Unified Payments Interface data, including card security number and date of expiration ("Billing Information") is collected by such third party payment gateway. Unless stated otherwise in the relevant Terms and Conditions, We do not collect or store your Billing Information on the Website unless specifically required. You agree and acknowledge that your submission of Billing Information on the third - party payment gateway will be governed by the terms of such third - party payment gateway's privacy policy and terms of use.




Other Information


Any other information shared by you on the Website while availing the Services.





Use of Information


Our primary goal in collecting your information is to provide you with an enhanced experience when using the Website and the Services. We use your personal contact information to send you reminders about Services, payment reminders and other information related to your Account. We might also use it for marketing and promotional purposes. We will retain your information as long as we have a legitimate interest or business purpose to retain the information, or as otherwise allowed by applicable law.

Further, in addition to the specifications of Section 2 of this Policy and any other use that We may identify in accordance with the applicable laws, Paprika Maps may use information collected for the following purposes:



In order to provide a personalised browsing experience, We may use your information to improve Our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyse usage, improve Our content, product offerings, and to customise our content, layout, and Services, in order improve and optimise our Services.




We may track the IP address of your device and save data on your device in the form of cookies. Paprika Maps uses this data only to deliver web pages to you upon request, to customize the Website to your interests and to measure traffic within the Website and Services. Data of a general nature such as information relating to user demographics may be revealed to third parties.




With your express consent, we may share information regarding your geographical location to third-party advertisers to display more relevant advertisements to you on the Website.




To ensure a seamless experience at the Website for you and to ensure your maximum benefit and comfort, we use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: 



remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; 
provide custom, personalized content and information, including relevant advertising; 
provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services; 
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Website and our Services; 
diagnose or fix technology problems on the Website and Services; and 
otherwise to plan for and enhance our Services.




We use certain third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Website and Services. These tools may collect information, which is not personal or sensitive in nature sent by your device or our Services, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Services.




We use certain information provided by you in order to facilitate communications between you and other users of the Website and the Services.




We may anonymize your information and provide that information to our partners. We may combine this information with content received from our other users, for research and development purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Services.




We may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our computer server and to administer our website(s). Your IP address is used to help identify you but contains no personal information about you.




We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.


For any content that you share on our Website's discussion forum, blogposts or through other communications with us, that contain intellectual property rights, like photos and videos, you specifically grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use such content for suitable purposes, including providing the Services.


Who We Share Information With


We may disclose your information to third parties for a variety of business or commercial purposes.  This includes (but is not limited to) disclosure to/for:



Our group companies for our operational business purposes.




Our third-party services providers who provide data processing for our operational business purposes.




Our partners with whom we share data for the Website and Services.  We may disclose this information for our operational business purposes or for the commercial purpose to provide Services to you and other users.




Other users, for the commercial purpose of providing the Services.




Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.




An actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this Policy.




Any other person with your consent to the disclosure.




As otherwise allowed by applicable laws.



Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies


When you visit the Website or use the Services, or both, we and Our third-party service providers acting on Our behalf may automatically collect certain data using tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.

A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a Website and stored on your device’s hard drive. These technologies are used to help Us better understand user behaviour and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of Our Website and Services. We use cookies to record current session information. We may also use third party cookies to provide aggregated information on Website usage statistics and patterns.

All modern internet browsers allow you to control your cookie settings. These settings are usually accessed in the ‘Options’ or ‘Preferences’ section of your browser. Please note that certain features of the Website and/or Services may not be available once you disable cookies.

Paprika Maps may use web beacons with cookies or separately to compile information about your engagement with Us.


Security


We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store.[a] We are compliant with the applicable laws in this regard.

Please make sure that you maintain the secrecy of your account information. For the safety and security of your information, we have implemented procedures to help protect the information that you provide to us. We restrict access to information about you to those Paprika Maps employees who need to know that information as part of their job responsibilities. We also educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through standard operating protocols. 

However, you understand and agree that as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable and no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure, and that we cannot guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used, or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Policy. We expressly disclaim any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing, or otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your information. Additionally, you agree that you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information at all times.

Further, You are solely responsible for maintaining confidentiality of your password and user identification to access your Account ("User Credentials"). You shall be solely responsible for all activities and transmission performed by you through your User Credentials and Account. Paprika Maps assumes no responsibility or liability for your improper use of your Account or User Credentials or for information contained in your Account.

If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us from there, Paprika Maps will transfer and store your information in India. Your submission of information represents your consent to this transfer and storage.


Linked Sites


The Website may contain links to other websites and services (including audioconferencing and videoconferencing services) ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Paprika Maps. We are not responsible for the content of any Linked Site, including, without limitation to, any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site.

Paprika Maps does not intend the Linked Sites to be referrals to, endorsements of, or affiliations with the linked entities.

On accessing the Linked Sites, you shall be governed by the terms of use, privacy policy and such other additional policies of the Linked Sites. You further acknowledge and agree that Paprika Maps shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, charge, cost or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of your information by the Linked Sites and the use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, services or other materials available on or through any Linked Sites or for any errors, defamatory content, libel, slander, omissions, falsehoods, obscene content, pornographic material, or any profanity or objectionable content contained therein.


Information about Minors


We do not knowingly collect any personal information directly from minors. If we discover we have received any personal information from a minor, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under the age of majority, please contact us at support@litwork.in.


User Rights


Paprika Maps supports the exercise of your data protection rights in accordance with applicable laws.

You can request to know, access, correct, update or delete your personal information by contacting us using the contact details provided and we will fulfil your request in accordance with applicable laws.  We may need to verify your identity in order to action your request, including by asking for you to provide a government issued identification document. Once we have verified you, we will respond and comply with your specific requests. However, you understand and agree that we will not be able to provide you the Services once you delete your information, as we require access to your information in order to provide you the Services.

When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Please note that some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your Account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would be in contravention of the applicable laws.

You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.


Governing Law and Jurisdiction


This Policy shall be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of India, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Subject to the above, the courts in Bangalore shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any disputes arising in relation to, or under, the terms of this Policy.


Dispute Resolution


In the event of any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Policy or any subsequent amendments to this Policy including, without limitation, the breach of the terms hereunder, termination, validity or invalidity thereof, or any non-contractual issues relating to this Policy (each, a "Dispute"), each of the parties will meet to resolve such Dispute amicably or to negotiate for an adjustment to such provision.

All Disputes, which are not settled pursuant to the issue resolution procedures set forth above, will be referred and settled by final and binding arbitration by a sole arbitrator appointed by you and Paprika Maps jointly, in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time. The seat of arbitration shall be at Bangalore. The language of the arbitration will be English, and the award of the arbitral tribunal will be final and binding on the parties.



Force Majeure


Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, Paprika Maps shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of your information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A “Force Majeure Event” shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of Paprika Maps and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer cashes, breach of security and encryption.


Grievance Officer


The name and contact details of Paprika Maps’s Grievance Officer are provided below:

Name: Shruthi M
E-mail Address: shruthi@litwork.in
Postal Address: 7th Floor, Mahalakshmi Chambers, 29, MG Road Next to Trinity Metro Station, opp. Kotak Bank, Bengaluru,Karnataka 560001

This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.






















                        Whether you’re a coder, a company, or a campus, Litcoder is here to make things Company easier for you. Journey with us and discover the future of better coding.
                    







Get Started


Candidate
Company
Campus




Learn More


About Us
Litwork
LitQ
Litzone




Contact Us


support@litcoder.in
+91 7618716879




Social









































Copyright © 2024
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





↑







































































